docs(docs): add explanation for serving multiple projects (#2753)
nrwl/nx: docs/angular/tutorial/06-proxy.md

This configuration tells `nx serve` to forward all requests starting with `/api` to the process listening on port 3333.

!!!!!

> Now run both "todos" and "api", using "nx run-many --parallel --target=serve --projects=todos,api --maxParallel=100" open http://localhost:4200. What do you see?

Author: ```suggestion
Now run both "nx serve todos" and "nx serve api" in separate terminals, open http://localhost:4200. What do you see
```
